Link fixes per doc build report (#2497)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2020/06/devtools.md

The **Styles** pane now has better support for editing styles that were created with the [CSS Object Model (CSSOM)](https://drafts.csswg.org/cssom) APIs.  Many CSS-in-JS frameworks and libraries use the CSSOM APIs under the hood to construct styles.

> You can now edit styles added in JavaScript using [Constructable Stylesheets](https://web.dev/constructable-stylesheets/).<!-- todo: https://wicg.github.io/construct-stylesheets/ is 404 -->  Constructable Stylesheets are a new way to create and distribute reusable styles when using [Shadow DOM](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM).

Author: ```suggestion
You can now edit styles added in JavaScript using [Constructable Stylesheets](https://web.dev/constructable-stylesheets/).<!-- todo: https://wicg.github.io/construct-stylesheets/ is 404 -->  Constructable Stylesheets are a new way to create and distribute reusable styles when using [Shadow DOM](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM).
```
@captainbrosset  - the problem with changing the 404 link to https://web.dev/constructable-stylesheets/ is that that page itself contains the 404 link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now edit styles that were added in JavaScript using [the `CSSStyleSheet` interface](https://www.w3.org/TR/cssom-1/#the-cssstylesheet-interface), which is a new way to create and distribute reusable styles when using [Shadow DOM](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM).
```

Author: You can now edit styles that were added in JavaScript using the `CSSStyleSheet` interface, which is a new way to create and distribute reusable styles when using [Shadow DOM](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_shadow_DOM).  See [The `CSSStyleSheet` Interface](https://www.w3.org/TR/cssom-1/#the-cssstylesheet-interface) in _CSS Object Model (CSSOM)_.
